Experience
----------

### Puppet Labs

#### **Lead Software Engineer** \| December 2014 - present
{: .experience-title :}

Led development of a previously community driven open source project, continued open source development of the project and integrated it into the company commercial offerings.

##### Highlights

  * Migrated a successful personal open source project to a company sponsored product
  * Worked with multiple engineering teams to ship new Ruby based features
  * Developed and shipped new Clojure based services from scratch

#### **Software Engineer** \| January 2013 - December 2014
{: .experience-title :}

Developed on the Puppet, Facter, and Hiera projects, worked with and merged open source contributions, and provided input on security/cryptography based questions and concerns.

  * Worked with community members to get community contributions merged
  * Developed low level integrations in Puppet to manage a wide variety of platforms and resources.
  * Developed extensions for the Puppet X.509 PKI implementation.
  * Analyzed security vulnerabilities (such as POODLE) for impact and devised security remediations

#### **Operations Engineer** \| November 2011 - January 2013
{: .experience-title :}

Built and automated company IT infrastructure using configuration management to scale out systems to meet the needs of a rapidly growing startup.

##### Highlights

  * Designed and built highly available fault web service infrastructure
  * Developed tens of thousands of lines of Puppet manifests and plugins.
  * Independently found and contributed fixes for issues in the company open source projects

#### **Operations Intern** \| March 2011 - November 2011
{: .experience-title :}

Helped build out company IT infrastructure using configuration management and took on auxiliary development responsibilities.

##### Highlights

  * Developed Puppet modules and infrastructure for the development and QA teams.
  * Helped maintain and build out physical compute and network infrastructure.
  * Acted as maintainer and primary developer of Facter

### PSU - Maseeh College of Engineering and Computer Science

#### **Unix/Linux Systems Administrator** \| October 2009 - May 2011
{: .experience-title :}

Maintained and improved the existing heterogeneous server infrastructure for the College of Engineering and Computer Science, while serving the needs of the faculty and student body.

### eSoft Incorporated

#### **Threat Prevention Team Intern** \| Summer 2007, 2008
{: .experience-title :}

Developed an IP based reputation system for tracking malicious IP addresses, developed web spidering tools for web classification, and reverse engineered malware to write AV and IPS signatures.

### Quantum Point Technologies
{: .experience-title :}

#### **Windows Systems Administrator** \| June 2005 - August 2006

Performed on-demand work for small businesses, including network hardware configuration, and server and client configuration and maintenace.
